# AzureOpenaiClient::ChatCompletionsBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**messages** | [**Array&lt;DeploymentsdeploymentidchatcompletionsMessages&gt;**](DeploymentsdeploymentidchatcompletionsMessages.md) | The messages to generate chat completions for, in the chat format. | 
**temperature** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic. We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;top_p&#x60; but not both. | [optional] [default to 1]
**top_p** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered. We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;temperature&#x60; but not both. | [optional] [default to 1]
**n** | **Integer** | How many chat completion choices to generate for each input message. | [optional] [default to 1]
**stream** | **BOOLEAN** | If set, partial message deltas will be sent, like in ChatGPT. Tokens will be sent as data-only server-sent events as they become available, with the stream terminated by a &#x60;data: [DONE]&#x60; message. | [optional] [default to false]
**stop** | [**OneOfchatCompletionsBodyStop**](OneOfchatCompletionsBodyStop.md) | Up to 4 sequences where the API will stop generating further tokens. | [optional] 
**max_tokens** | **Integer** | The maximum number of tokens allowed for the generated answer. By default, the number of tokens the model can return will be (4096 - prompt tokens). | [optional] 
**presence_penalty** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model&#x27;s likelihood to talk about new topics. | [optional] [default to 0]
**frequency_penalty** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model&#x27;s likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim. | [optional] [default to 0]
**logit_bias** | **Object** | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion. Accepts a json object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token. | [optional] 
**user** | **String** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help Azure OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. | [optional] 

