# AzureOpenaiClient::DeploymentidCompletionsBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**prompt** | [**OneOfdeploymentidCompletionsBodyPrompt**](OneOfdeploymentidCompletionsBodyPrompt.md) | The prompt(s) to generate completions for, encoded as a string or array of strings. Note that &lt;|endoftext|&gt; is the document separator that the model sees during training, so if a prompt is not specified the model will generate as if from the beginning of a new document. Maximum allowed size of string list is 2048. | [optional] 
**max_tokens** | **Integer** | The token count of your prompt plus max_tokens cannot exceed the model&#x27;s context length. Most models have a context length of 2048 tokens (except for the newest models, which support 4096). Has minimum of 0. | [optional] [default to 16]
**temperature** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | What sampling temperature to use. Higher values means the model will take more risks. Try 0.9 for more creative applications, and 0 (argmax sampling) for ones with a well-defined answer. We generally recommend altering this or top_p but not both. | [optional] [default to 1]
**top_p** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered. We generally recommend altering this or temperature but not both. | [optional] [default to 1]
**logit_bias** | **Object** | Defaults to null. Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion. Accepts a json object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the GPT tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. You can use this tokenizer tool (which works for both GPT-2 and GPT-3) to convert text to token IDs. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token. As an example, you can pass {\&quot;50256\&quot; &amp;#58; -100} to prevent the &lt;|endoftext|&gt; token from being generated. | [optional] 
**user** | **String** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help monitoring and detecting abuse | [optional] 
**n** | **Integer** | How many completions to generate for each prompt. Minimum of 1 and maximum of 128 allowed. Note: Because this parameter generates many completions, it can quickly consume your token quota. Use carefully and ensure that you have reasonable settings for max_tokens and stop. | [optional] [default to 1]
**stream** | **BOOLEAN** | Whether to stream back partial progress. If set, tokens will be sent as data-only server-sent events as they become available, with the stream terminated by a data: [DONE] message. | [optional] [default to false]
**logprobs** | **Integer** | Include the log probabilities on the logprobs most likely tokens, as well the chosen tokens. For example, if logprobs is 5, the API will return a list of the 5 most likely tokens. The API will always return the logprob of the sampled token, so there may be up to logprobs+1 elements in the response. Minimum of 0 and maximum of 5 allowed. | [optional] 
**model** | **String** | ID of the model to use. You can use the Models_List operation to see all of your available models, or see our Models_Get overview for descriptions of them. | [optional] 
**suffix** | **String** | The suffix that comes after a completion of inserted text. | [optional] 
**echo** | **BOOLEAN** | Echo back the prompt in addition to the completion | [optional] [default to false]
**stop** | [**OneOfdeploymentidCompletionsBodyStop**](OneOfdeploymentidCompletionsBodyStop.md) | Up to 4 sequences where the API will stop generating further tokens. The returned text will not contain the stop sequence. | [optional] 
**completion_config** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**cache_level** | **Integer** | can be used to disable any server-side caching, 0&#x3D;no cache, 1&#x3D;prompt prefix enabled, 2&#x3D;full cache | [optional] 
**presence_penalty** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model&#x27;s likelihood to talk about new topics. | [optional] [default to 0]
**frequency_penalty** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model&#x27;s likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim. | [optional] [default to 0]
**best_of** | **Integer** | Generates best_of completions server-side and returns the \&quot;best\&quot; (the one with the highest log probability per token). Results cannot be streamed. When used with n, best_of controls the number of candidate completions and n specifies how many to return – best_of must be greater than n. Note: Because this parameter generates many completions, it can quickly consume your token quota. Use carefully and ensure that you have reasonable settings for max_tokens and stop. Has maximum value of 128. | [optional] 

